adds Learn-ASC section (#51)
massalabs/docu-dev: docs/learn/autonomous-sc.mdx

---

# Autonomous Smart Contracts

> this should be turned into a folder and have pages: Introduction, ASC on the Massa blockchain, Usecases, Going Further.

Reviewer: Please don't leave todo in the documentation. Make issues if you don't want to do it in this PR.

# Use-cases and applications

> We already learned that autonomous smart contracts have the special ability to self wake-up and execute actions when specific 

Reviewer: I'd remove this sentence, it doesn't add much given that this is specified just above.

conditions are met. 

> This offers a wide range of compelling use-cases that were either impossible, too costly, or risky to do with benchmark 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Autonomous smart contracts offers a wide range of compelling use-cases that were either impossible, too costly, or risky to do with benchmark 
```
If you remove the sentence above I would change the start of this one.

    - Escrow and payment automation: Contracts can securely hold funds in escrow and automatically release them when specific conditions, such as successful property transfer or completion of milestones, are met.
    - Streamlined rental agreements: Contracts can automate rental payments, manage security deposits, and enforce the terms and conditions stipulated in the agreement.

These examples illustrate just a few of the many compelling use cases for autonomous smart contracts. 
The self wake-up functionality empowers automated processes, reduces reliance on intermediaries, and enhances efficiency and 
transparency across diverse industries.

> # Going further

Reviewer: Can you point to the build section for now and make an issue so that we update this part once we have a corresponding section in this doc ? So that we can merge this PR.
